backup: Add options --set-path and --set-path-from (#3200)
restic/restic: doc/040_backup.rst

In all cases, paths may be absolute or relative to ``restic backup``'s
working directory.

> Note that if you use restic in combination with include files, by default all
> entries of the include files are added to the snapshots paths. This may break
> the finding of parent snapshots. Please consider setting the paths manually
> using ``--set-path`` or ``--set-paths-from`` to reflect what is actually backuped.

Reviewer: A few suggestions:

```suggestion
Note that if you use restic in combination with ``--files-from`` arguments, by default all
entries from the files are added to the snapshot's "paths" field. This may break automatic
finding of parent snapshots if the entries change between multiple runs of restic. Please consider setting the "paths" field manually
using ``--set-path`` or ``--set-paths-from`` to reflect a consistent description of what is being backed up.
```
